README.md, before:

# Install procedures

For installing Gitorious in latest Debian stable using Opscode Chef for a completely automated process, follow these instructions:

    apt-get update
    echo "gem: --no-rdoc --no-ri" > /etc/gemrc
    apt-get install -y ruby ruby-dev libruby build-essential ssl-cert git
    cd /tmp
    wget http://production.cf.rubygems.org/rubygems/rubygems-1.4.2.tgz
    tar zxf rubygems-1.4.2.tgz
    ruby rubygems-1.4.2/setup.rb --no-format-executable
    gem install chef

    mkdir /etc/chef /root/chef-solo
    wget -O /etc/chef/solo.rb https://gist.github.com/raw/847256/chef-gitorious-etc-solo.rb
    wget -O /root/chef-solo/node.json https://gist.github.com/raw/847256/chef-gitorious-node-debian.json

First review the settings under /root/chef-solo/node.json.
If necessary create the gitorious database and database user in mysql.
TODO: currently GMail is not supported as smtp relay server. Then procede with:

    cd /root/chef-solo
    git clone git://github.com/rosenfeld/gitorious-cookbooks.git cookbooks

    chef-solo

# Troubleshoot

If you have any problems, please fill the issue [here](https://github.com/rosenfeld/gitorious-cookbooks/issues).

If for some reason apache is not listening in port 443 after install, please restart apache manually:

    invoke-rc.d apache2 restart

I have no idea why this happened to me once...

Commit message:

Add note on the necessity of correctly setting gitorious:host to prevent obscure error
Otherwise A ActionController::InvalidAuthenticityToken occurred in sessions#create:

  ActionController::InvalidAuthenticityToken
  [RAILS_ROOT]/vendor/rails/actionpack/lib/action_controller/request_forgery_protection.rb:79:in `verify_authenticity_token'
Occurs when trying to login.

README.md, after:

# Install procedures

For installing Gitorious in latest Debian stable using Opscode Chef for a completely automated process, follow these instructions:

    apt-get update
    echo "gem: --no-rdoc --no-ri" > /etc/gemrc
    apt-get install -y ruby ruby-dev libruby build-essential ssl-cert git
    cd /tmp
    wget http://production.cf.rubygems.org/rubygems/rubygems-1.4.2.tgz
    tar zxf rubygems-1.4.2.tgz
    ruby rubygems-1.4.2/setup.rb --no-format-executable
    gem install chef

    mkdir /etc/chef /root/chef-solo
    wget -O /etc/chef/solo.rb https://gist.github.com/raw/847256/chef-gitorious-etc-solo.rb
    wget -O /root/chef-solo/node.json https://gist.github.com/raw/847256/chef-gitorious-node-debian.json

First review the settings under /root/chef-solo/node.json.

gitorious:host must be set to the host name you will be accessing gitorious through otherwise you will get:
"ActionController::InvalidAuthenticityToken occurred in sessions#create:" when you try to login.

If necessary create the gitorious database and database user in mysql.
TODO: currently GMail is not supported as smtp relay server.

Then procede with:

    cd /root/chef-solo
    git clone git://github.com/rosenfeld/gitorious-cookbooks.git cookbooks

    chef-solo

# Troubleshoot

If you have any problems, please fill the issue [here](https://github.com/rosenfeld/gitorious-cookbooks/issues).

If for some reason apache is not listening in port 443 after install, please restart apache manually:

    invoke-rc.d apache2 restart

I have no idea why this happened to me once...
